# Authenticait
Software Erlang Engineer Test Assignment

1. If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9.
The sum of these multiples is 23.

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.

2. Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms.
By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

	1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

3. The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.

What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?

4. A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the
product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 * 99.

Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.

5. 2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10
without any remainder.

What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to
20?

6.Implement an Erlang/OTP application that has a POST /capture method which receives input requests like the attached file Test.xml. If PROD_COVER_GTIN, PROD_NAME can becaptured from a request then the request is accepted, the values of
PROD_COVER_GTIN, PROD_NAME and additional values of PROD_DESC, BRAND_OWNER_NAME are written to external CSV file with 4 columns:
GTIN,NAME,DESC,COMPANY.

NOTE: if PROD_DESC, BRAND_OWNER_NAME are missed in an input request then empty
values will be saved to the CSV.

7.Implement the task as an Erlang/OTP application each sequence is calculated by servers independently, a supervisor using an application's setting "maximum number of workers" starts servers, collects results and finds the longest chain.
The following iterative sequence is defined for the set of positive integers:

n -> n/2 (n is even)
n -> 3n + 1 (n is odd)

Using the rule above and starting with 13, we generate the following sequence:

13 -> 40 -> 20 -> 10 -> 5 -> 16 -> 8 -> 4 -> 2 -> 1

It can be seen that this sequence (starting at 13 and finishing at 1) contains 10 terms.
Although it has not been proved yet (Collatz Problem), it is thought that all starting
numbers finish at 1.

Which starting number, under one million, produces the longest chain?

NOTE: Once the chain starts the terms are allowed to go above one million.

8.Implement a GTIN-14 validator as an Erlang module function validate({gtin, Value}) -> ok |
{error, Error}, Value is iolist() or binary(). The related specification can be found
here: http://www.gs1.org/barcodes-epcrfid-id-keys/gs1-general-specifications

9.This is SQL assignment. There are 2 tables:
 assignment (id, product_id, participant_id, ts, action)
 product (id, current_owner_id)
assignment stores a "Chain of Custody" of products, ts is timestamp of an action, action is "c" (create) or "m" (move), so a first record of a product's history always has action="c" and each product_id has only one record with action = "c". It's possible that a second record with action="m" has identical timestamp with a first record of a product.

product table (in our case) stores a current product's owner, so it's a participant_id from
the last record of a product from assignment.

Tasks:
a) Create a stored procedure which returns "Chain of Custody" in a correct order, "c" is a first record, next "m" records are sorted by ts.

b) There are broken product records where current_owner_id is not correct. Please create a SQL db patch that fixes the issue.
